---
date: '2009-09-21T18:51:00.016-07:00'
description: ''
published: true
slug: 2009-09-looking-for-work
tags:
- NASA science
- django
- python
- NASA
- spacebook
- legacy-blogger
time_to_read: 5
title: Looking for work?
---

*This was originally posted on blogger [here](https://pydanny.blogspot.com/2009/09/looking-for-work.html)*.

Looks like we are hiring again! Who are we? We are contractors for [NASA's Science Mission Directorate](https://nasascience.nasa.gov/)! We are looking for [Django](https://djangoproject.com/) developers or experienced [Python](https://python.org/) developers who want to learn Django to come and help us do awesome stuff for [NASA](https://www.nasa.gov). Experience with CSS, JavaScript, Subversion, Linux, and experience with contributing to open source projects are definite pluses.

Before you apply you need to pass this little test of mine. If you fail any portion of this test we won't consider hiring you.


1. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Are you a U.S Citizen?</span> Yes, there are brilliant non-U.S. Citizens we really want to hire but according to the unchangeable rules we can't hire them. No exceptions. <span style="font-weight: bold;">You need to be a U.S. Citizen</span>.
- <span style="font-weight: bold;">Can you get to the office?</span> You need to be able to get into Crystal City, Arlington, Virginia every day of the work week. No telecommuters!
- <span style="font-weight: bold;">Do you know Python?</span> Sorry, but we aren't looking for Foxpro developers.

- <span style="font-weight: bold;">Are you a developer?</span> I will throw away anything from a recruiter.
- <span style="font-weight: bold;">Can you send your resume to my email address?</span> 

The email address you need to send it to can be generated by running these two lines of code:
<blockquote>numbers = [100, 97, 110, 105, 101, 108, 46, 103, 114, 101, 101, 110, 102, 101, 108, 100, 45, 49, 64, 110, 97, 115, 97, 46, 103, 111, 118]

''.<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 153);">join</span>([chr(x) for x in numbers])</blockquote>

---

## 5 comments captured from [original post](https://pydanny.blogspot.com/2009/09/looking-for-work.html) on Blogger

**Alex said on 2009-09-25**

FYI your code can be memory efficient by doing

''.join(chr(x) for x in numbers)

**holizz said on 2009-09-25**

Why can't you hire non-US citizens who have the right to live and work there (i.e. people with a green card, or other working visas)?

Not looking to apply, just curious.

**pydanny said on 2009-09-25**

@holizz,

That rule came about circa 2006ish, and applies to a lot of US Government agencies and their contracting staff. Its one of the Homeland Security Policy Directives (HSPD) but I'm not sure which one.

There are exceptions, but those are reserved for top notch scientists. For example, they will hire people capable of making heavy lifting bodies (rockets to space) because keeping those people employed keeps the rest of the world safer (rockets to space make great ICBMs).

For what its worth, I don't agree with the policy, otherwise we would have hired Guido Van Rossum, James Tauber, and Russell Keith McGee already. But its not my call.

**Stefan Schmidt said on 2009-09-26**

now you got me thinking of google rockets ;-)

**Juan Castillo said on 2010-01-22**

Very nice way to show email address.

